\chapter{Conclusions and Future Work} \label{chap:concl}

\section*{}

\section{Objectives Fulfilment}

We proposed the used of the three phase approach (Chapter~\ref{chap:chap4}) in
order to obtain a more rich future prediction of the web activity on a network.
The first phase allow to obtain better prediction for certain characteristics,
the second phase allow to predict their volumes in the future, lastly the third
phase fill the future data with additional information from the past while follow
the tends of the predicted volumes.

Our results show that the usage of dataset segmentation allow to get moderate to
good improvements while predicting the volumes.

At the end we get a dataset with the same format as the inputed, but with future
data following the main characteristics of the past while amplifying some of the
more important characteristics for the future.

This dataset completely ready to be used on simulations of online advertising
campaigns in order to perceive their behaviour in the future.

\section{Future Work}

In order, to achieve better results some other approaches could be explored. For
example, use $MLP$, multilayer perceptron to predict the time series values
instead of the $ARIMA$.

It would also make sense to explore the usage of additional time series for new
entries of each parameter in order to correctly predict the occurrence of a new
website, for example. This phase will also need an additional knowledge about
some of the parameters to get better results, for example know how to generate a
new domain. This knowledge should be optional in order to maintain the data
agnostic approach, but when available probably would improve the results.

Another road to be explored is segmentation phase for example the usage
recursive parameter segmentation. For example, segment the whole dataset by
browser and then by country. It is my believe that this approach would get good
results if a huge volume of data were available.

It would also be interesting to test the resultant datasets on a real online
advertising campaign simulator in order to better assess the results in practical
applications.

